Pre Demo Day product update
Hello << Test First Name >>

Today is our last day in Lightning Lab business accelerator. Tomorrow, we will be pitching to over 300 investors for investment so we can deliver you a robust, quality product that will provide value through making your interaction with spreadsheets easier. We would like to wrap up our time in the lab with this email.

What has changed
Below is a list of some of the things that have changed on the platform since we released our MVP over a month ago. For each change, the image on the left was what the platform looked like at mid October. The image on the right is what it looks like right now on app.pensolve.com.

New look and feel
Not only does the platform look more aesthetically pleasing, but it now has a more responsive design, meaning it will work on screens and windows of all sizes.
Drag and drop
You have been requesting this and your calls have been answered; simply drag and drop spreadsheet files from your computer into the marked drop area.
File dialog filtering
When using the Browse function, it is now easier to sift large folders full of documents. Filter everything but XLSX files.
Improved Penbook interface
More aesthetically pleasing.
Display units for inputs if available.
Improved Formulae insight
Highlight and warn of unnamed constants.
Extract comments for formulas placed in nearby cells.
Provide cell references for quick checking.
Equation dependency tracking
A useful feature for verifying equations efficiently without scrolling and searching for the specific input. For any Penbook:
Click on any equation. Our equation engine will find the first level of inputs and display.
Repeat till you get to the inputs as constants.
What's next
After Demo Day, we will continue to develop and work closely with industry, with or without investment. We truly believe there is potential in our platform and are proud of what we have developed over the last 6 weeks while juggling the heavy business workload that Lightning Lab applies. Product development will be our main priority over the New Zealand summer period and we cannot wait to show you what we have in store:

A more robust spreadsheet layout recognition engine - we will now have the time to rewrite our algorithms that take into account the comprehensive user feedback we have received on how layout is approached.
Compare different versions of the same spreadsheet in a single interface - no more extra windows with duplicate spreadsheets.
Real-time split-screen Pensolve display - Load up your Spreadsheet in Pensolve, make changes to the Pensheet equations and have it reflected in your spreadsheet.

While you wait, please try our platform again at app.pensolve.com, and feel free to use our example files to show the true potential of what our platform can unlock from spreadsheets. You can download them from:

Footing_settlement.xlsx
Beam_design_example.xlsx
DDBD_structural.xlsx

If you have any feedback we would love to hear from you at team@pensolve.com.

Thanks again for your support, we’re stoked we can share the Pensolve journey with you!

The Pensolve Team
